add notes for using Qemu's microvm machine type (#190)
hermitcore/rusty-hermit: README.md

qemu-system-x86_64 ... -append "kernel-arguments -- application-arguments"
```

### Using Qemu as microVM

Qemu provides [microvm virtual platform](https://qemu.readthedocs.io/en/latest/system/i386/microvm.html), which is a minimalist machine type without PCI nor ACPI support.

> In comparison on to a common hypervisor, it has a clearly smaller memory footprint and a faster boot time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In comparison to a common hypervisor, it has a clearly smaller memory footprint and a faster boot time.
```

> To use this VM type, all default features of RustyHermit has to be disabled (especially PCI and ACPI support).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To use this VM type, all default features of RustyHermit have to be disabled (especially PCI and ACPI support).
```

> For instance, the following command build the smallest version of the [`hello_world` example](https://github.com/hermitcore/rusty-hermit/tree/master/examples/hello_world):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For instance, the following command builds the smallest version of the [`hello_world` example](https://github.com/hermitcore/rusty-hermit/tree/master/examples/hello_world):
```

```bash
cargo build --no-default-features -p hello_world --release
```

> Afterwards, this minimal example can be loaded with the same boot loader like the common Qemu machine type:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Afterwards, this minimal example can be loaded with the same boot loader as the common Qemu machine type:
```

```bash

> qemu-system-x86_64 -M microvm,x-option-roms=off,pit=off,pic=off,rtc=on,auto-kernel-cmdline=off -nodefaults -no-user-config -display none -smp 1 -m 512M -serial stdio -kernel path_to_loader/rusty-loader -initrd path_to_hello_world/hello_world -cpu qemu64,apic,fsgsbase,rdtscp,xsave,xsaveopt,fxsr -device isa-debug-exit,iobase=0xf4,iosize=0x04 -append "-freq 2800"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
qemu-system-x86_64 \
    -M microvm,x-option-roms=off,pit=off,pic=off,rtc=on,auto-kernel-cmdline=off \
    -nodefaults -no-user-config -display none -smp 1 -m 512M -serial stdio \
    -kernel path_to_loader/rusty-loader \
    -initrd path_to_hello_world/hello_world \
    -cpu qemu64,apic,fsgsbase,rdtscp,xsave,xsaveopt,fxsr \
    -device isa-debug-exit,iobase=0xf4,iosize=0x04 \
    -append "-freq 2800"
```

```

> Depending on the virtualized processor, the processor frequency has to pass as kernel argument (`-freq`) to the kernel.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Depending on the virtualized processor, the processor frequency has to be passed as kernel argument (`-freq`).
```

> MHz is used here as the unit for the frequency.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
MHz is used as unit of frequency here.
```

> Kernel features like TCP/IP support can be reenabled by hand.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Kernel features like TCP/IP support can be reenabled manually.
```
